Home « Blackdog's Page - Settings
Wanted: Older Men!
by Blackdog
Copyright© 2002 by Blackdog
?
Chapter 1

Hi, my name is Stacey, and I have a message to you from your daughters, your granddaughters, your nieces, your cute little neighbors, your students, your players.

We young girls are hot for you!

Mr. Blackdog has nicely agreed to let me use this space for what I'd call a public service announcement, which is that there's a pretty good chance that a sexy young girl near to you right now would love you to pull down her wispy little panties and jam your big swollen, hairy man-cock balls-deep into her hungry, tight pussy.

But first let me introduce myself. I'm Stacey Watkins, and I am 15 years old. I'll be 16 in August (more on that later). I attend a public high school in Colorado (no, not Columbine) and I am active on the junior varsity cheerleading team, in the Speech Club and serve as activities editor of the school yearbook.

I'm not very big; just a little teensy bit over 5-foot, 2, and have a petite frame. My boobs are 32Bs, but are firm and well-shaped. I weight just a little over 100 lbs., and my figure is quite nice, if I do say so myself. Lots of boys (and men!) have admired me in my skimpy bright blue bikini.

I have long light brown hair that falls to the middle of my back, and my eyes are a sparkling hazel. My nose is straight and cute, and I seem to always have "a pretty smile" on my face, or at least that's what my daddy tells me.

But enough about me; this message is for you. If you read this article on Storiesonline, I'll bet you like to read sexy stories and then -- when you're in private -- pull out your thick hot wang and jack it off until you shoot a big load of your hot cum.

Maybe you especially like stories about big horny men who have sex with cute, wiggling little girls and teens, and descriptions of big, hairy mancocks plundering tight small girl-cunts really get you off. If so, I've got the right audience.

You see, the secret truth is that lots of sweet young things are as hot for your cock as you are for their snug little cunts and asses. You know that most girls start going "boy crazy" by 11 or 12 (and some a lot earlier!). There's even a new magazine called Boy Crazy.

Well, actually, it isn't so much that they're boy-crazy as they are craving male attention. Nature is getting their bodies ready for their sexual roles soon to come. Remember that up until the last 100 years or so, most girls got married around 13 or 14, and were mothers by 15. Your state legislature may have declared the age of consent to be 18, but Mother Nature put it at about 12 (I got an "A" in my government class, as you can tell. Aren't your proud of your Stacey? :))

Naturally, the first male a young girl really craves is someone important to her, someone who is strong and wise and caring; not some giggly dork boy who doesn't know a boob from a belly-button and who will just cum quick after a few strokes.

No, chances are pretty darn good that the male your daughter, your granddaughter, your next-door neighbor, that cute brunette in the third row (if you're a teacher), that hard-sliding softball player who always seems to play a leeettle bit harder when you're watching (if you're a coach) really has hot pants for is... YOU.

Mr. Blackdog lets me look at Storiesonline from time to time and I notice that a lot of the stories that get downloaded the most are those that involve older men and younger girls. It's really popular! And I can certainly see why.

And there's the problem. You have all these horny young girls hot for daddy, granddaddy, Uncle Joe, Mr. Martin, Coach Jones, etc. and too shy to make the right move. Then you've got all those potent, stiff-cocked older men (which I think of as, say, 25 and up, all the way to 85 or so) who would love to bury their bones into squealing hot nymphets but don't dare.

OK, so Stacey is going to help fix this. Just call me Stace the Matchmaker. Or Fuckmaker (tee-hee!). If all you sexy older men out there stroking your scrumptious cocks right now follow my advice, I think we can get rid of a lot of frustration on everybody's part.

First off, of course, never force a girl into anything. If a girl is hot for you and you follow Stacey's simple rules, she'll make the first move. Gosh, she'll probably rape you!

That's important to remember. Let her make the first... hang on while I look this word up. No, that's not it. Nope. Hmmm. I know it's here. Ah, there it is! Overt. Let her make the first overt move. Play your sexy cards right, Daddy (or Grandpa, or Uncle or Coach) and she'll be crawling all over you.

Hint #1: Show her lots of attention, especially physical. Nothing obviously sexual, but lots of hugs, brief backrubs, hair-tousling, fun horseplay.

Hint #2: Don't be shy if you have a boner, Just pretend it isn't there. Your girl will find it exciting and will be impressed that you are so cool that you're not embarrassed by it.

Hint #3: Dress right. When you're hanging out at home, wear like shorts and T-shirts (or tank-tops). If you're a hairy guy, that's great; that's one of the things that separates you from those silly boys in high school or junior high. Get shorts that cling to the front of your "basket" and which will really show off your hard-on when it happens. Also, don't wear any underwear under your shorts. And if you can get the kind of shorts that have really wide legholes, so that your girls might catch a glimpse of your juicy balls and cock, so much the better.

Hint #4: Fuck your wife. A lot. This might make your girl a little jealous at first, but mostly it will get her hot, especially if she knows when it's happening or can listen. When my Daddy fucks Mom, I sneak over and put my ear to the door. They really go at it, and it just sets my little cunt on fire. Plus it shows what a great lover he is, and that makes me want him even more.

Hint #5: It's OK to be naked, if it looks like an accident. When you take a shower, leave door open a crack. If it's plausible that you might not know if she's home, walk across the house to grab a towel or to answer the phone, in the nude and still dripping from the shower. Shave in your underwear. Sleep in the nude. Every time your little girl sees your sexy body it fires up here desire even more.

Hint #6: Let her watch. When you're doing something sexy, like changing clothes or drying your hair (you're bare-chested, of course), don't object if she comes in and sits down to talk about nothing. She just wants to check you out, and she'll be proud that you think of her as grown-up enough to hold a conversation while a half-naked man pulls on his pants.

Hint #7: Remember that she's probably spying on you. so make sure you give her a good show. Stretch. Adjust your balls. Frequently. When you have to take a piss, leave the bathroom door half-open and stand there with your legs spread as a hot, pungent stream of pee pours out of your thick, juicy cock. Watching my dad pee, especially when his cock is like, half-hard, never fails to drive me crazy.

Hint #8: Make your jacking off serve two purposes. I know you jack off. All boys do, from age 10 on until they die. And most girls do, too. You might be happily married, or a preacher or a porn star, but if you're male, you're going to find a sexy movie or book or magazine or website (go, Storiesonline! Rah! Rah! Rah! ;) ), unzip your pants, haul out your juicy cock and whack it until you shoot.

OK. Great. The way to get the most benefit out if it is to put on a little show for your girl. When you go into your office or den or basement to jack off, leave the door open a few inches (or least don't lock it). Get naked so there's no obstruction of my view when I spy on you. Move around so that I can see at least a side view of your hand moving up and down on that thick, delicious sausage between your legs.

Spread your legs wide; make sure your pubic hair is cut pretty short to increase visibility; remember, I am probably crouching at the door, which is just cracked an inch wide.

Take your time jacking off. A long, lazy session is best. Watching it will build up the heat in my little pussy. When you get ready to shoot, don't use a Kleenex or anything; I like to see my Daddy's shoot his hot cum all over his chest and belly.

The more a man shoots, the better I like it; so it's best to not jack off more than, say, once every other day. If you're so horny you can cum every day and still shoot a thick, hot load, that's fine. But it always really turns me on when my Daddy's cock squirts out lots of yummy sperm that covers his muscled. hairy tummy and chest. Sometimes, when he's really horny the cum splashes all the way to his throat and face. That's fun to watch.

Hint #9: If the sexy girl in your life doesn't live with you -- let's say she's your next-door neighbor -- it helps if you live a sexy life. Wear as little clothing as the weather permits. Sunbathe in your backyard in the tiniest bathing suit you can find; in the nude, if that's possible. When you fuck your girlfriend or wife, leave the windows open so that the smutty sound of your boinking can he heard. Invite the girl in for a soda, or to watch the basketball game. Buy her cookies or other door-to-door sales junk, and invite her in so you can write her a check; it's really cool if you do this wearing just cutoff shorts or a shower-towel.

Hint #10: If the girl doesn't ever actually throw herself at you (although most will) don't feel bad; it's almost certain she's fingering her little pussy to foam thinking about it, and cumming like a freight train dreaming of you slamming your wonderful fuck-tool all the way up into her womb.

Whew! All this nasty writing has gotten me hot. I'm gonna take off this T-shirt. What do you think? No, not about what I've written; what about my perky teenage boobs? They're right there in front of you! See how dark my little nipples are, and how hard they can get? And my boobs don't have any sag at all. They're just ripe for some horny older man like you to squeeze and suck and play with.

Well, I'd better get going. My Daddy will be home soon and I plan on "accidentally" being naked coming out of the shower so he can get another look at my hot bod.

As I said, my birthday is in August, and Daddy said I could have anything I want. You can probably guess what THAT is. If he doesn't pick up on the hints I give him, I will be SO totally disappointed. I guess I'll have to find another nice older man like you -- yes, you! -- to fuck my juicy cunt and tight, snug shitter and to let me suck thick, hot loads of cum from his stiff, hairy prick.

Come to think of it, maybe I could start fucking you AND Daddy. If you'd like to tell me what you'd like to do with my sweet, slim, sexy teenage bod, reply to this story. Mr. Blackdog will forward your requests to me, and I promise I'll write back to the nastiest ones I get. In the meantime, keep your bone hard for all of us horny teenage girls, in Colorado and in the next room.
Chapter 2

Hi, all you sexy older men! This is your Stacey, again. How have you been? My tight teen pussy gets all hot and slick just thinking about all of you out there reading this, your fat, hairy sausage of a cock trapped in your pants. Maybe you're sitting there thinking that some cute young girl is going to come along and take care of that hard-on, too. Well, it just may happen.

Last time I wrote about how I was hoping to get my hunky Daddy to fuck me for my birthday in August, and I was giving some tips as to how a horny dad could let his hot daughter (or neighbor or granddaughter) know that he'd love to bury his bone in her snug teen (or preteen) cunt.

Well, wouldn't you know it, but I think my Daddy read that post. He has started doing just what I suggested: dressing sexier, giving me lots of extra long hugs and cuddles, and leaving the bathroom door half-open when he's toweling off his studly body after a shower.

He's also hinted that "since your Mom is visiting her sister next week, we'll have to play house together." I don't think I'll have to wait until August to feel his hot, hard, eight-inch cock burrowing into my almost-16-year-old twat. It makes my pink nipples hard just to think about it.

If you remember, I asked for readers to give me some suggestions about what they'd like do to me if my Daddy wasn't going to take care of my needs. God, you men are so dirty-minded! Is that all you have on your brains -- cramming your hot, straining pricks balls-deep into some little girl like me? And what's with this fascination with fucking cute teenagers in our tight hot rectums? Whatever happened to good old-fashioned pussy-fucking?

(Not that I'd mind if my Daddy decided to fuck my ass. He can have anything he wants, as often as he wants it. And I'll bet your daughter feels the same way about you!)

Anyway, it occurred to me that I wasn't being very fair last time by just telling about how a sexy daddy could be extra luscious for his peeking daughter. Turnabout being fair play, I thought that maybe I should tell girls how to let their daddies (or brothers; I know some girls at my high school who are so hot for their brothers they can't stand it; their panties are wet constantly) know that they would just LOVE to spread their legs and have their pussies pounded by a loving family member.

OK, gurls, so here are Sexy Stacey's Tips For Getting Daddy's (Or Bro's) Cock Hard As A Rock and Wanting to Bury His Bone In You. Enjoy!

Tip #1: Play the sexy little girl. Remember when you were much younger, and you used to sit on his lap, ride on his shoulders or wrestle with him? He remembers it, too, and would like to relive it with a wiggling, stacked teenage girl, namely you. He probably also remembers back when you were five or seven and your cute rump on his lap gave him a thick, hot hard-on. He probably felt guilty about it at the time; now it's probably just a delicious memory of your sexy rear-end.

Fall asleep on the couch next to him while watching TV. If you're asleep you can't be blamed for wrapping your arms around him or resting your head on his belly. When you wake up, stretch like a sexy cat; make sure you show off your firm breasts straining under your shirt when you do that.

If you stub your toe or get a splinter, run to Daddy to fix it. "Daddy, I think I broke my toe; will you look at it?" you ask, near to tears. He'll take your small foot in his big, strong hands and examine it all the way up to your calf. This works even better of you have short shorts or a very brief skirt.

Any chance you give him to be the big, protective daddy and ogle or fondle your body is a plus.

As for brothers, the approach is a little different. Your best bet is to roughhouse with him like when you were young. Play baseball with him or video games. Activities like that have a lot of benefits: they are fun; they can be noisy without being suspicious; they can lead to arguments that can be resolved by a friendly wrestling match. My friend Sandi (more on her later) says she started up with her brother this way. When they got into a mock-fight over who won a game of "Super Mario Brothers" she was able to "accidentally" grab his boner several times. She even got him to shoot off in his pants.

Tip #2: Dress the part. Now, remember that when I say sexy, I don't mean slutty. Today's styles with tight pants, bare midriffs and thong panties give a girl plenty of ways to flaunt her firm teenage body in front of drooling dad without looking like a streetwalker.

I prefer tiny shorts and a sleeveless T-shirt. I make sure my shorts show off just a hint of my sweet little asscheeks. The shirt has to be snug and with fairly big sleeveholes: at the right angle my Daddy can catch a glimpse of my half-nude breast.

He can't see it (usually, anyway!) but I always wear a lacy half-bra that gently pushes up my tingling teen tits; down below I am partial to those French-cut panties that go high on the thigh; although I am also going to buy some thong panties, too.

No piercings (except for earrings, and small ones, too!) or tattoos. Those are OK if you want to catch a motorcycle gang member or some fad-ridden high school boy, but your daddy wants you looking fresh-faced and innocent as well as desirable. When he finally does break down and fuck you within an inch of your life, he wants to think it's another form of father-daughter love, not that he turned you into a tramp.

Keep the makeup light and your hair long. Don't dye it any strange colors; simple and sweet is best. And wear little white socks. My Daddy always gives me a grin when I sit on the couch next to him and drape a long, tanned leg over his, with a cute little white sock. What's that, Sandi? You think he's more interested in what's at the top of my legs than the sock? God, Sandi, sometimes you are SUCH a slut!

Another sexy effect can be made by wearing your father or brother's old sweat- or T-shirts. This is especially the case if they are ripped or faded and are only being clung to for sentimental or other reasons. I have an old torn sweatshirt of my Daddy's that I love to wear. Sometimes on cold nights I sleep in it, and it barely comes down to just below my panties. He loves it when I run to the bathroom dressed like that; the loose hem of the sweatshirt flaps up and he can see my panty-clad bottom (hence the interest in buying thongs!).

Tip #3: Get close. I mean, physically. Take advantage of every chance you have to be in tight quarters with him (if you want him in your tight quarters, tee-hee!). If the family is on the couch watching a DVD, make sure you get between him and Mom. Always get in the same little car with him at the amusement park. If you know the store is going to be very crowded, volunteer to go with him to shop; it'll give you plenty of chances to bump and rub up against him.

If he's cleaning out the hall closet, think of lots of reasons why you have to walk up and down that hall; if you're decorating the Christmas tree, reach over him to put that ornament up on the top branch. If your firm teenage boobs happen to brush his shoulder or (better yet!) his face, you're doing good.

Tip #4: Don't do boys. By this I mean, don't have a constant parade of boys coming around and hanging out at your house. If you're going to get your daddy to scratch your itch and slide his swollen cock into your hungry daughter cunt, you have to let him think that you don't especially care for those immature boys.

It's OK to have boyfriends; Sandi has a boyfriend and her daddy and BOTH her brothers (more on that later), but she keeps them all separate. Boyfriends are for talking on the phone with, and for Saturday night dates; Daddy and bro are for (you hope!) fucking the other six days of the week.

Tip #5: If you've done all of the above and it looks like your father or brother is starting to heat up, you can often move the situation along (says Sandi) by beating off. Yes, masturbating; petting your pussy, gurl.

Sandi hooked her dad by buying a Playgirl magazine and getting naked one afternoon when only her and her dad were home. She left her door open a crack and started to strum her pussy. She was as loud as she dared, and sure enough, her hot dad crept up to investigate. When she was sure he was at the door, she started to talk to herself about how much she wanted her dad's big, fat cock, and how much she wanted to suck down his cum and feel his stiff daddy-cock stuffed to the hilt in her horny cunt.

Then she "heard" him at the door, flung it open and saw him standing there with his cock in his hand. She reached out and grabbed it, and that was that. She's been getting her hard daddy-cock up her cunt (and elsewhere, the little tramp!) for three years now, and she's just my age, or about.

Whew! That story has made me hot! I can hardly wait until next week when Mom is out of town and Daddy and I are alone for a whole delicious five days! Maybe if I play my cards right I can starting writing tips about how to fuck your daddy/daughter and keep it from the mom/wife.

If I'm not back here next week, Sandi has promised to spell me and write a "Frequently Asked Questions About Fucking Your Daughter" article. I'll bet half the words are misspelled; if she studied as often as she balls her dad and brothers, she'd be on the honor roll.

In the meantime, keep that bone hard for all us teen cuties, and remember; there's a young hottie out there right now who is wet for you! Keep your eyes open!

Love,

Stacey
Chapter 3

Hi, guys, this is Sandy, Stacey's best gal pal. As she said in her last post, I'm filling in for her since she got lucky and has been spending the week banging hips with her sexy dad.

She made some really bitchy remarks about my spelling and such which I really resented but there is actually a little teeny bit of truth to it. I don't get reealllllllyy good grades in school (although my father and brothers would give straight A's in screwing, sucking and butt-fucking) so I'm dick-tating this to my 11-year-old brother Eric, who is kind of a schoolboy who is on the honor roll but has a sexy hot fuckstick between his legs which he loves to shove between mine.

This was going to be in the form of a FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) About Daddies Fucking Daughters, but in talking to my friends in high school, I found out that it doesn't start or stop there. Lots of girls I know are balling with their dads, but others are sleeping with their brothers and uncles, and that doesn't even count the hot little chicks who are fucking their teachers, cousins and coaches. There are even a few grandpa-fuckers the next street over.

So I've expanded this article to cover any and all of those nasty but delicious things you do (or want to do) with people you shouldn't be doing it with, but will anyway because it feels sooooo fucking wonderful!

Q. My daddy is such a great lover. His cock is so much thicker and hotter than those skinny boys at school who want to get into my panties but who cum too quick and don't know what they're doing. Do I have to give up fucking him when I get married? Rebecca, 16.

    A. Not at all, Becky. It's important to keep close ties with your family after you get married, which is probably not until you get like, really old, like 22 or something. My neighbor's aunt not only has been screwing her dad since she was 13, she's now married and has two kids, both by her father (unbeknownst to her husband). What's really funny is that her hubby wants a big family, and they're all going to be his father-in-law's kids!

Q. How young is too young? There are two sexy girls next door, 10 and 11, who have been flirting and "accidentally" letting me see them naked as their swimsuits fall off or their towels slip. They sometimes jump in my lap or tickle me, hoping I'll tickle them back (I do!). Are these girls too young for you-know-what? Stan, 37.

    A. Boy, Stan, you older men are so coy. Here, two horny preteens are flashing you, rubbing their tight butts on your big hot hairy boner and begging you to cop a feel of their slinky bodies and you are worried they might not be ready to get nasty? Where have you been, living under a rock? Yes, of course, my brother reminds me to say that you shouldn't come on to them, or try to force them into anything, but if they grab your dick in your pants (and they probably will!), do what you think is right. Everybody matures at a different age, you know. I know some 30-year-olds who are not ready for sex and probably never will be.

Q. My grandfather has a really thick cock, and while I love to suck on it and jack it off, I'm not sure it'll fit up my tight little cunt. I've only had my finger up there, and I'm not a big girl anyway, just five-feet all. Should I give up on having him fuck me, or is there some easier way to do it than just spread my legs and grit my teeth? Heather, 14.

    A. Oh, Heather, sex shouldn't hurt. And your grandpa's cock may just seem huge to you because you're inexperienced. Remember, pussies were made to stretch. But a good way to make is easy on yourself is to first of all get all wet inside first. Let your grandpa lick your cunt real good first and then have him sit on a chair without armrests. Climb on top of his thighs and put your cute little pussy right over the tip of his wang. Then you can lower yourself onto it at your own pace, and only fuck as many inches of his dick into your cunt as you are comfortable with. Once you've loosened up enough to slide all the way down his fuckstick, it's a great position because you're face to face and he can kiss you or lick your perky nipples while you slide happily up and down his prick. Try it, you'll love it!

Q. My dumb brother likes to fuck me, but doesn't want to cum inside me. He's afraid I'll get pregnant. I told him not to worry, that I'm on the pill, but he still insists on pulling out and squirting his cum all over my belly, tits and even my face. I really love my brother -- he's 15 and I'm 13 -- but I won't really feel like a woman until I know he's pumping his hot load of sperm inside my cunt. Any suggestions? Laura, 13.

    A. Hmmmm. My brothers fuck me all the time and they both love to shoot off inside me. It's... hold on a second... OK, my horny little brother thinks that maybe what's happening is that your bro just loves to see himself squirt his load all over you. He says that the porn flicks all do that with what's called the "money shot" and maybe that's what's up. As far as making him cum in your cunt, that's easy. When you feel him starting to get close, just wrap your legs around his back, reach around and stick your finger in his asshole. Massage his prostate, hold him close and grab his pecker with your eighth-grade cunt and I guarantee there's not a 15-year-old boy in the world who wouldn't flood your hungry pussy with his sperm.

Q. I'm a high school counselor and several of my students have come to me with problems that I can't exactly share with my colleagues. Two of the brightest girls in the school have had their grades and class attendance drop off drastically after they turn 16. It's not just that they can drive now, it's something else. I heard girls whispering something about the "Sixteen Slide," but I don't know what it is. Can you help? Thomas, 56.

    A. Well, I don't know if I should even share this secret with the world, but since you asked so nice, I figured I could tell you. Lots of girls start getting horny for their fathers around 12 or 13, and start coming on to him. But the typical daddy may feel that that's too young for their darling daughters to be balling anybody, let alone their dads. But the girls keep flirting and teasing and begging until the poor guys finally make a deal; he'll start fucking them after they turn 16, and only if their grades are good. Well, what happens, of course, is that the day they turn 16, they start fucking daddy day and night, and they don't do their homework and they don't study for tests and they miss school because they are humping their father's sexy cock in a shady park somewhere. The daddies should know better than to let their little girls play hookey like that, but when you've been packing your cock in ice for three years while your darling little girl has been begging you to jam yourself balls-deep into her hot, tight quim, you'd have trouble saying "no," too.

OK, well enough for now. Eric says I have to pay him back for writing this down and e-mailing it in by letting him fuck my snug asshole, so I guess I'd better wind up and bend over. Stacey will probably be back next week 'cause her mom is back in town and the daddy-daughter orgy over there will have to cool it.

In the meantime, think of me, Sandy, on my hand and knees while my super-horny sixth-grade brother screws my shitter until we both scream!

Luv,

Sandy
Chapter 4

Well, I am sorry that it took me so long to get back to you. This is Stacey again, and so much has happened to me that I'm just bursting to tell you. Forgive me if I rattle on and on, but I've had such adventures!

As you know, I have long had a major letch for my sexy dad. As you may also know, my mom left for a week and that meant Daddy and I were alone all that time. What with all the flirting and teasing that had come on before that, that was a situation ready to pop!

Right after we dropped Mom off at the airport on Sunday afternoon, my dad and I drove home in silence for most of the way. We were about 10 minutes from home when he asked "Anything you'd like to eat for dinner?"

Well, readers and friends, my little 15-year-old heart was pounding. My B-cup boobs were swelling up and my pert nipples were spiking. I felt a heat pass through my body as my sweet teenage cunt started to slick. I called up all my courage and said what I was thinking.

"I think that the most delicious meal imaginable would be for me to suck your thick, fat, hairy daddy cock and drink down all your hot cum. Could I have that for dinner, Daddy?"

He looked at me in wonderment, then a big grin came over his handsome face. "And what would I be eating for dinner?" he replied, slyly.

"Why, horny teen daughter cunt, I hope," I replied, my confidence building now. I shifted my legs to open my crotch to him, my hot pussy covered by a small part of denim shorts.

He shook his head and laughed. "I knew it! I knew it!" he said. "I've been seeing that way you prance around in those sexy little outfits and bend over and rub against me all the time. I knew you were a hot little bitch."

I laughed with relief and excitement. "A hot little bitch for you!" I said. "I've been wanting to get my hands and mouth and cunt on that gorgeous cock of yours since I was 12. I'm been dreaming of you flooding my pussy or boning me up the ass since seventh grade!"

My dad's face reddened and with a quick glance down to his crotch I could see how his cock was starting to swell and tent his pants.

"You wouldn't be teasing your old dad, now, would you?" he said, squirming in his seat as he drove.

I licked my lips and leaned toward him. "Oh, yes, I'm a teaser. But I'm also a pleaser. You just take me home and I'll show you just how much of both your little girl is!" I said, then paused. "I guess all this sexy talk makes your big boner pretty hard, doesn't it?"

My dad gripped the steering wheel hard in frustration. He couldn't do anything until we arrived back at our house, and here I was, taunting him with my smutty words. It was a real thrill for me to see just how much I could torment my hunky daddy by just talking.

"God, that's a big boner!" I said, reaching out and lightly touching -- just for an instant -- the peak of his erection as it strained in his trousers. "You're going to really have to jam it in hard to get it all in my tiny little schoolgirl pussy. And when you cum, gosh, with a big hard-on like that filling every little crevice of my jailbait cunt, there's not gonna be any extra room for sperm. It'll all come gushing back out or go up into my womb to make a baby."

For some reason, that last notion, had an even nastier effect on my Daddy. He was starting to sweat now -- even though the car was air-conditioned -- and a wet spot was starting to appear at the top of his "tentpole."

"You sexy little bitch!" he spat out, strangling the steering wheel even more.

"Oh, is that what a big-cocked virile daddy would like?" I said, shifting my weight and opening my legs wide. "To shoot his hot gallons of cum up his 15-year-old daughter's fertile cunt and knock a baby up inside of her? Maybe squirt so much hot cum that she'd have twins? Then fuck her every day when she was pregnant? I hear pregnant girls are really extra horny, Daddy. And their tits get so big!"

The car sped up.

"Or maybe that's too, too kinky. Maybe you'd like to be extra careful and just fuck me up my tight little asshole. I'd love to just bend over whenever you liked, pull open my firm buttcheeks and beg you to ram that big hog of yours balls-deep in my 10th-grade shitter. Does that turn you on? Are you an ass-fucker? Do you fuck Mom in the ass much?"

With a veritable growl, he replied "I don't know if it's a good idea to bring your mother up now."

Thrilled by the power my filthy mouth was having over him, I threw caution to the winds. "Oh, I don't mind if you keep balling Mom," I said, now gently stroking my own crotch. "Just as long as you give me my share. I'll bet you'll screw me a lot more than her once you get a taste of what it's like to slam-fuck your own screaming, begging, tight-cunted, firm-titted young daughter. I'll bet just about every man would, if he was honest with himself."

At last, our car pulled into the driveway, and my dad took me by the arm and hustled me into the house. A second after the door slammed behind us -- and he threw the deadbolt closed -- he pulled me into his arms and gave me the deepest, wettest kiss ever.

We sucked each other's tongues for a full minute, our hands all the while roaming over each other's aroused bodies.

"Mmmmm, you gorgeous piece of teenage ass," my daddy gasped at me between kisses and love bites. "You've been giving me boners since you were 6 years old. Sitting on daddy's lap and squirming your cute little buns all over my poor trapped dick. I must have jacked off a pint of cum after I put you to bed those nights."

I thrilled at the notion that my daddy has been turned-on by me even I was so much younger. "Gosh, daddy, is that why we stopped having baths together?"

"You bet. You were always such a flirt, Stacey, even in first grade. I didn't dare get my dick out around you for fear of where I might end up putting it."

I laughed and slide out of his embrace down to kneeling position in front of him. "Well, I guess we need to make up for lost time. Why don't I start with putting it in my nasty little mouth?"

Considering how much I had teased him, it's no surprise that it was less than a minute after I pulled open his pants and swallowed my own father's thick, hairy dick that he began to moan and swear and get ready to shook his spunk.

"God, Stacey," he grunted. "You've got me so turned on, I'm just about ready to... "

"Go ahead, Daddy. Cream your little daughter's face. I know there's plenty of father-cum left in those wonderful big balls of yours. Let me taste your delicious sperm. Go ahead! Shoot it all out! Shoot it!"

And he did. He flooded my mouth with jet after thick jet of daddy-cum, wads coating my tongue, smearing my lips and squirting straight down my throat. I sucked and jacked while he bowed his back and emptied his prostate and balls into his sweet little daughter's wanton mouth.

Blast after blast of the wonderful stuff filled my mouth and rolled down my gullet. I sucked like a mad-woman, desperate for each taste of his precious semen. It was the most heavenly taste ever, and I resolved to get as much of it as I could, as often as I could.

When we finished spouting off, we collapsed onto the coach and he rested while I pulled off his clothes, then stripped myself.

"Mmmm, Stacey, you are just fantastic!" he admired. "I knew you were pretty, but damn, your body is perfect!"

I cuddled my daddy's hairy body and returned the compliment.

"Oh, Daddy, you're so sweet, but you're the one who's got the hot bod. All this hair" -- I stroked his furry chest and belly --"is proof you're so virile, and your cock is so big and meaty. And your balls are so fucking big and fat, God, they're like baseballs, almost. And your muscles and even your little scars here and there -- this is a man's body, not some silly teenage boy who's all hormones and no class."

He shook his head in disbelief at what I said. "But, geez, Stace, I'm almost 40 now. It seems to be you'd be more turned-on by some young stud with a body like a whippet."

I swung one naked leg over his and began to straddle his big thighs. Between us, I could see his cum-dripping cock began to stir back into angry erection. My cunt was still soaked as it anticipated my first paternal fuck.

"Oh, no, Daddy, no. Boys might be OK to practice on, but what almost every girl I know wants is a stud older man to really pound her little pussy and make a woman out of her. A lot of my friends are balling their dads and uncles, and even their grandfathers. When a girl gets pregnant in this neighborhood, betcha three times out of four it's her own horny father that knocked her up."

I lifted up and fitted the purple helmet of my sweet dad's cock at the notch of my cunt and then started to slide down it. "Oh. God, Daddy, Oh, God, Oh, God!" I moaned as the most exciting event in my life unfolded.

Here I was, a dream coming true. My little 5-foot, 2-inch teenage body joined in the most intimate way possible with my big, strong virile daddy, the stud who created me by shooting a big wad of potent seed into my mommy and causing me to be. I wouldn't even exist if it weren't for this thick, satisfying hunk of pussy-stretching gristle snugged deeply into my sucking twat.

His cock was practically vertical, lancing straight up into my receptive and oily cunt. His big, hairy balls scratched sexily against my lower pussy-lips, and I leaned deliriously against his broad, manly chest.

Although I was quite tempted to begin top-fucking him, I wanted to bask in the sensation for as long as possible. I wrapped my arms around his waist and back and hugged him to me. I drank in the feel and smell of him, and nuzzled his check and chin, moaning and wiggling.

"Oh, Daddy, this is nothing like some silly boy. Boys, with all their dumb colognes, smell like sissy department stores. Or even they don't bathe enough at all. You've got that great daddy-smell: sweat and heat and a touch of work. A man's smell. A man with a big, rock-hard cock that makes a little girl feel like she's safe and loved and fulfilled." And filled full.

Using my small little hands I began to explore my daddy's body. I poked a slim finger at his brown, hard nipples; I traced a teasing finger tip into a sweaty hot armpit; I would have done more If my movements hadn't been limited by the big shaft stuck all the way up my happy womb.

"Mmmmm, Daddy," I cooed, rubbing my face against his slightly stubbly chin. "I can't wait to do just everything with you. I want to fuck you in every way possible. I want to give you a tongue-bath and lick out your smelly armpits and worship your stud funky asshole. I want to shower with you and have you blow your wad up my shitter standing up, then giggle while you piss like a racehorse up my wiggling little bottom."

My daddy, I have to say, had shown a lot of self-control up to that point. But I guess I said the right thing, because he grabbed my small waist in his big hands and began to bounce me up and down on the fencepole of his towering prick.

Up! Down! Up! Down! His hands and arms were so strong they lifted me like I was a feather. The sizzling of his gnarly cock with its veiny ropes and ridges cutting erotically into my primed cunt was so exciting I quickly found myself on the edge. My firm and fluffy tits were bouncing and jouncing, and both our tummies were sucked in and flat with the contraction of our abdominal muscles as we hotly fucked.

Then, without any further warning, I felt my cunt and clit both explode. "OH GOD DADDY! I'M GONNA CUM! OH-OH-GODDD! FUCK! OH GOD! UNGHHHHH! UN GGHHHHHHHHH!!! UNGHGGGGHH!" I screamed, writhing my helpless cunt around his stiff, upthrust rammer.

I was so turned on that I flung my body forward and gnawed at my father's big, dark nipples; I flexed my cunt-muscles around his stone-hard cock and bucked and screamed and whimpered.

The experience was so shattering that I got the hiccups and started to stutter.

"Oh -dad-daddy," I managed to gasp out. "You don't know. You-you da-daddies don't-don't know. Ever-every gi-gi-girl wants-wants--she wants to fe-feel-feel her da-daddy's c-c-c-cock in he-he-her c-c-c-unt! Oh, da-dad-daddy I love you so-so f-f-fuckin' much!"

My daddy leaned back on the couch and grabbed my legs at the lower thighs, then pushed them up. My little body with now like a "Y" with my feet pointed towards the ceiling and all my weight balanced on the fantastic daddy-cock stretching my cunt.

"Gonna shoot off!" he grunted. "Is it OK? Are you using anything!"

"Shoot, D-d-a-daddy, sh-oot!" I gasped out. "K-nock me up! I-I-I don't c-c-are! M-m-m-make a lit-lit-lit boy in m-m-me an' I can-can f--f-f-uck 'im, too, Daddy! Or a l-l-l-ittle g-g-girl! Fuck a d-d-aughter into m-m-m-ee, Daddy! I love you so fuckin' m-m-uch!"

Well, let me tell you that the flood of cum that my daddy dumped into my hungry mouth before was nothing compared to the thick, hot ropes of daddy-milk my sweet poppa blew into me that time. I mean, I could feel -- really feel-- the splats of his seed smack into my little pussy-walls.

He grunted and cursed and shot and shot and shot, me spasming and wiggling and screaming and crying for him to shoot more and more and to fuck me forever and make me pregnant with his kids.

I could feel his cock vividly as each pulse of potent semen rocketed through his wide prick-tube and shot hotly out the tip into my teenage cunt. I could imagine in my mind each time his balls lurched, his asshole puckered and another big wad of baby-juice was blasted all along his scrumptious sex tackle into its proper resting place in his own underage teen daughter's supertight cunt.

At last exhausted, his hands fell away from my legs and I slid off his gorgeous, sweat-covered body. With love I looked at his heaving chest and red-face and said "Now you just stay there while I make us a real dinner."

Whew! Reliving that had got me so turned on I have to go find the real thing and get a good solid pussy-pleasing daddy-fuck! I'll continue in the next chapter!
Chapter 5

Hi, sexy men! This is Sandy again. Stacey is soooooooo in love with her stud dad that she can't take any time to type, especially since she spend most of her days and nights on her back, squealing with her arms and legs wrapped around her father's sweaty body.

I did promise her I'd do one last question-and-answer thingie while she's off daddy-fucking. So I dipped into the old mailbag and came up with these. Again, thanks to my horny little brother for help with spelling, grammar, punctuation and for having the world's most tireless tongue. Good boy, Eric.

Q. My father is a widower; my mom died when I was 9 and my brother was 11. I've been sleeping in his bed since I was 10 and we've been having the most marvelous love-making ever. The problem is that now my dad is dating some woman his own age and they're considering getting married. It just breaks my heart to think I might not be getting my dear daddy in my needy body every day like I do now. I mean, I cum like a firecracker every time he puts his thick, hairy cock in my teenage cunt and drills it deep into me. Will I have to give up balling with my daddy if he gets married? Jackie, 16.

A. Duh!!!! Use your pretty head, girl, for something more than to suck off your father's dick. The solution is, like, soooo obvious. You have an 18-year-old brother living at home, right? All you have to do is hook your new stepmom up with him. Boys at that age are total horndogs and sperm fountains. He'll be fucking her so much you'll be able to get away with anything with your dad. If you are worried that she might not want to do her new "son," that's silly! What 40-something lady can resist the rock-hard dick of a teenage stud whose fat balls are packed with hot cum? Piece of cake!

Q. We had "Take Your Daughter to Work Day" at the office not too long ago, and one of the supervisors was caught in the office supplies store room feeling-up and kissing his half-naked 14-year-old girl. I thought for sure he'd be fired when he was sent to the boss's office, but he came back smiling. When I asked him about it, he said that the CEO has been balling his niece since she was 12, and the H.R. director has three young boys that she's been sucking off since they were old enough to get stiffies. What's going on here? Has the whole world gone sex-crazy? Mel, 43.

A. Not just sex-crazy, but family-sex crazy. Half the girls I know are fucking and sucking someone in their house; most of them are like daddy-daughter and brother-sister, but the president of the PTA loves to ride her 13-year-old son and 15-year-old nephew. The girls volleyball coach has balled not only both of his daughters, but all the girls on the team. The youth minister at our church even admitted to fucking both his brothers before he got "saved" and went "straight." Come to think of it, if you've got a sexy daughter, niece, granddaughter, student, neighbor who is coming on to you, and you haven't peeled down her panties, bent her over and drilled your leaking cock into her kitty or bottom, maybe you're crazy!

Q. This is very embarrassing, but I've got a real problem. I've always been a really horny little girl, and last spring I had an "adventure" with our wonderful collie dog, Barkley. Ever since I let him jump on my rump and do me, I've been deliriously happy; that doggie fucks so fast and so deep, and I always cum so much when he fucks me. The problem is that now Barkley follows me around all the time with a boner, and my brother (who is 15) has started teasing me about it. As much as I like balling my pet, I'd like to try doing it with Derek, too. How can I move "up" from dog to brother without making a fool of myself? Cyndy, 14.

A. What makes you think dogs and brothers are very different? They're both dirty and smelly and horny all the time. If you're fucking your collie, you're more than ready to make it with Derek. Here's my suggestion: just arrange to let him see you being humped by the doggie; I guarantee you his cock will get rock-hard and he'll bury it in any available girl-hole. After that, just the memory of you hunching back at that hairy beast on your behind will pump plenty of blood into his brother-cock and sperm into his balls, and he'll make the dog seem polite by comparison. Go for it, but I wouldn't bother to wear panties around the house any more; he's just gonna tear them off you, anyway.

Well, that's the last of the "clean" ones I can print. And I think it's the last of this little feature. Stacey's attention is all on her dad, and I've agreed to serve as "scorekeeper" for Eric's soccer team, which means I'll be wrapping my own legs around preteen fuck-monsters for the next three months, at least.

Good luck and hugs to you all, and remember, fellas, there's a cute little girl with hot panties right down the hall, or across the way. You're sooo close to fulfilling your dirtiest, most forbidden dreams.

Luv ya!

Sandy
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Wanted: Older Men!"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to Blackdog’s Blog
Last entry on 2011-06-16
Posted: 2002-06-14
Last Modified: 2005-08-24 / 10:23:28 pm
Home - Top   Feedback to author
