Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

Summer, 1989
Get outta my dreams, get into my car..." - Billy Ocean

It had been an interesting evening at work. Of course, it was always an interesting evening at work - one of the first jobs I ever enjoyed completely. Perhaps part of it was the complete lack of stress, but there was definitely much to be said about the relaxed atmosphere and the fun clientele.

After having completed the real "work" part of the job - doing tomorrow's prep work, scrubbing down the grill, cleaning the kitchen, etc., I accompanied the manager on his walk-through of the pool hall, shutting down the lights, making sure the doors and windows were locked, and all the rest, then walked him to the car with the night's cash bag. After wrapping up the last few jokes we were shooting at each other, we bid each other good-night. As he got into his car he looked around one last time, then looked at me and said "Watch out for her - she's a hot one." Wondering what he meant as he drove off, I lit a smoke and headed toward my bike.

"Hey," I heard a soft female voice, "any way that I can bum a smoke and a ride off of you?"

Turning around, I smiled to myself. I had wondered how long it would be before she finally approached me. 'I donno," I replied, "A girl like you could get a guy like me in a lot of trouble. And vice-versa. Hop on - I'm going to go grab a bite to eat. Wanna join me?"

Today it's sometimes hard to remember the days when you could sit in an all-night diner and smoke while you munched on food that was bad for you, and chug coffee by the gallon. It was one of the things that had been a pleasant surprise for me to encounter again. As I ate my omelet and hash browns, I watched her and listened to her as she was telling me her stories.

Now before I go any further, I guess I should tell you a little about myself. What I look like isn't all that important - but some other things that are less noticeable should be known. For one thing, I'll admit that I sometimes fantasized about younger girls. Hell, what guy doesn't? But like most guys - I don't let things go beyond fantasy, usually because of the lack of opportunity, but even if the opportunity was there, I have better things to do with my life than go to jail, and a piece of pussy definitely wasn't worth that to me - no matter how appealing it might be.

But the young 14 year-old beauty in front of me was a very different case. Long, brownish hair framed an innocent looking face - but the innocence was belied by something in those beautiful cracked-glass blue eyes. Her body was the perfect example in my fantasies - young, slim, tight, and small, with a great ass and perky little breasts that make my mouth water.

She told me stories that I already knew, but the fact that I knew them already didn't suppress the rage that I had carried since first hearing some of them. I let her talk, occasionally guiding the conversation with a few questions. Already I could see some of the damage that I had become so familiar with. Taking the opportunities when they presented themselves, I put in a comment or an observation here and there, which lead her to ask the inevitable question...

"How do you know so much about me?"

I looked into her face, and I could see the picture again. The picture that had started it all...
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

March, 1998
"I said hello I think I'm broken
And though I was only jokin'
It took me by surprise when you agreed
I was tryin' to be clever
For the life of me I never
Would have guessed how far the simple truth would lead" - Diamond Rio

I met her at a party being hosted by a mutual friend. I had recently gotten my own place, as my separation and divorce were in progress, and was somewhat enjoying the "single life" again.

I wasn't looking that night, but she came to me, and very quickly let me know that she was making herself available to me. In public, she sat with me, massaging my shoulders, her touch very enjoyable, and occasionally making me shudder by leaning forward and nibbling on my neck or ears (how did she know???).

She was 23 years old, and she was looking. Having just gotten out of a horrible relationship, she was looking to have some fun and be her own person. Kinda like me. She told me she was looking into joining the Army, and wanted to have a little fun while she still could.

At 31 and in a similar situation (although my service time was already done), I wasn't too reluctant to the opportunity. Now to look at her, she was pretty - but it was pretty obvious that having been in an abusive relationship for years (as well as having the children that resulted from it) had taken their toll on her, both emotionally as well as physically. Physically, she wasn't my fantasy type - but not at all unattractive, either.

As we walked around the party, there were times that we would find ourselves at least semi-alone, and she didn't pass up a single opportunity to press her body against me and kiss me, her hands exploring my body. Of course, I was no innocent in this - my hands were doing plenty of exploring as well. It didn't take long before it was just assumed by both of us that she would be coming home with me that night.

Fortunately, it was only about a 5 minute drive back to my place - fortunately, because she wouldn't (couldn't?) keep her hands off my cock the entire ride - and had had the ride lasted much longer, I wouldn't have.

I was almost ashamed to bring a girl back there - it was a little dive in a bad part of town. But the rent was definitely within my budget. As to the furnishings - well, when I left my soon-to-be ex, all I took was my clothes, some books, my computer and computer desk, a couch, and a spare mattress. She didn't care.

As soon as we got inside, she was against me again, kissing me while I groped at her breasts. As soon as we entered the bedroom, she was on her knees, struggling with my pants. She showed me right away that she wasn't lying when she had whispered to me earlier at the party that she loved to suck cock. And it didn't take long until she proved the second part of her statement "and I swallow, too."

But I had a few plans of my own, too. During one of our earlier heated conversations, she had told me that she had fantasies that included blindfolds and handcuffs.

My kinda gal... But how did he know?

Sitting her on the bed, I kissed her neck and shoulders as I slipped a scarf over her eyes and tying it. Making sure I got plenty of chances to play with her breasts, I removed her shirt and bra. Reaching inside my desk drawer, I pulled out the handcuffs and placed them on her wrists. She gasped at the feeling of the cold metal against her skin, then again as I softly stroked the flogger across her back.

I didn't know how much she would be into this, so the flogging was gentle. Her moans, however, told me that she wasn't hating it. I would definitely have to explore this more later...

A bit roughly, I pushed her back so she was laying on the bed, and pulled her wrists above her head, holding them there by the chain of the cuffs. I pushed her legs apart with my knees, then pressed my body against hers. Kissing her, I moved my lips to her ear and whispered "Do you like this - knowing that I can do anything I want to you, and you're helpless to stop me?" Her response was not vocal - but the answer was obvious - she ground her pussy (still in her shorts) against my cock and came.

Most of the night after that was pretty much a blizzard of sex, and to be honest, I don't remember much of it - which was definitely a first for me. I do recall that after our first fuck, she immediately slid down my body and sucked my cock and balls clean. Knowing instinctively that I could tell this girl anything without her getting offended, I told her that I also enjoyed having my ass eaten. Pushing my legs apart, her tongue dove lower, and I got the best rimjob I had ever had.

Like I said, I don't recall much of the night, but (another first) she wore me out. Never had woman do that to me before. She fucked and sucked me until I just couldn't even get it up anymore. As we finally settled down and I was falling asleep with her in my arms, she said "Wow - you know, I've never had a guy make me cum before..."
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

"I'll be your crying shoulder,
I'll be love suicide,
I'll be better when I'm older,
I'll be the greatest fan of your life..." - Edwin McCain

I told her that I wasn't looking for a girlfriend, or a relationship, or anything like that. She said she felt the same way.

Less than a week later, she had (for all practical purposes) moved in with me.

Over the next several months, we explored each other, learning about each other and ourselves, not only as sexual partners, but as people.

It was a good match in so many ways... We both needed to be fixed - her by having someone actually care for her, and I needed someone to fix (and in doing so, heal myself). As I said before, we had both just come out of bad relationships from which we both bore scars.

Another way that it was a good match was that it seemed that we were both equally horny, and equally perverted.

We discussed our views on sex, as well as our fantasies, needs, and desires. Both of our previous relationships had fallen apart due to our partners' infidelity and lies that made our relationships die as we watched, helpless to do anything about it. One of the things we agreed on was that we would not ask monogamy of each other, just honesty.

We explored her seemingly natural submissiveness, and she really brought out the Dominant in me. We experimented, and found that of the things we were willing to try, we enjoyed them all. We explored not only "regular" sex between us, but also BDSM. We tried (and enjoyed) having other partners as well. We probably averaged having sex about 3 times per day, and every day when I came home from work, she was there, on her knees to greet me. After about 6 months I offered her my collar, which she happily accepted.

We also, as I said, learned about each other as people. We exchanged stories and showed each other pictures we had taken growing up. One particular picture stood out - she was standing in what she told me was her back yard, leaning against a tree, with mountains in the background. It was just an all-around fantastic picture, but I was really taken by the beauty that stood by that tree - she told me she was 14 at the time, and I knew that to be before most of the abuse that she had endured started.

And you could tell from the picture. She was beautiful, and there was that mischief in her eyes that I had come to know so very well - but what was missing in the picture was what she gained mentally in her mind from so much cruelty that had been heaped on her - I saw a hope for the future.

She told me that she wished that I had found her then, and a part of me wished I would have too - I could have prevented everything else that had happened to her since, and show her what it meant to be loved and appreciated. "But" I commented, "I'm sure you wouldn't have had any interest in me back then."

She told me that she had always had a thing for older guys. Then she went on to tell me what she would have done to me back then - how she would have seduced me and overcome my objections to her age... something that soon became one of our favorite fantasies to talk about.

Everything seemed to be getting deeper between us - except for one thing. I refused to admit my feelings for her, either to her or to myself. After a year, I lost her to someone else.

She was gone, and I was overwhelmed. I had told her that I didn't love her in that way, that I wasn't going to love her in that way, and told her she should find someone else who would. So she did. Unfortunately, as I would find out later, he was just another asshole (another in a long string) who just wanted to fuck her and hit her.

Before she left, I told her that if she ever needed someplace safe, my door would always be open. Well, after a few months of getting beaten on, she came home. And I swore I would never let her get away again. 2 years later we were married.

And now here it is, several years later, and I let her get away again. Ok, I didn't really let her get away - there was nothing I could do about it this time. Too many years of abuse had taken it's toll. Her ex, who threw her out before we first met, had a particular fondness for her kidneys, and made sure to aim the majority of his blows there. Over time, the damage just became too great - we had lived through many problems, but in the end there was nothing more that could be done.

She was gone for good this time, and there was nothing that could be done about it. She wouldn't be coming back this time, and suddenly my world was dark, cold, and empty.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

"Without you in my life,
I'd slowly wilt and die..." - Motley Crue

It was of no comfort when I received the call from the insurance company, telling me that they were sorry to hear about my wife's passing. A month's worth of stress and anger at the world broke at this point, and I let this telemarketer know exactly what I thought bout her, her company, and how they could dare exploit someone's personal tragedy like this.

When I finally ran out of steam and grew quiet, she told me that she was very sorry - but she wasn't trying to sell me anything. Quite to the contrary, I was named beneficiary on a life insurance policy that was taken out on her. Suddenly, I found out that I was $500,000 richer.

Ah, but what good was the money? It wasn't going to bring her back, or replace her. But I went and did the paperwork and accepted the check anyway - I figured that it could cover my rent and keep me in booze until I drank myself into a way to join her.

Strangely enough, that is what happened, but not in the way I had expected.

She was always doing things behind my back, pleasant little surprises that I would have never thought of. Soon I started having company - people I hadn't seen or heard from in years. Somehow, she managed to track down a lot of my old friends (especially my Navy buddies), who found out about her passing and my current state. They started calling, and just showing up to visit. Most of the time I was pretty much incoherent, but they sat with me anyway, sipping drinks I poured for them although they didn't really want them. They all, each in their own way, tried to pull me out of my funk - but of course, the only way someone can pull you from the quicksand is if you are wiling to grab the rope.

Why would I want to? I just wanted the ground to swallow me, for everything to become dark and quiet, to fill my lungs one last time...

Then Rock showed up.

Rock was an old Navy buddy from my first ship. He and I weren't as close as some of my other friends, but one thing that set him apart was that the guy was incredibly intelligent. Apparently he had been a very busy boy since I last saw him almost 20 years ago. We made small talk about how he had gone back to college and gotten several major scientific degrees, and been involved in some interesting experiments.

"Damn, man - you need to clean up and get sober," Rock said. "Why the hell should I do that?" I slurred. What's left for me?"

"Damnit man, if you would sober up, I'd tell you," he replied.

Now everyone had been telling me how I needed to get on with life, and I told him I didn't want to hear it.

"Look - shut the hell up, put down the bottle, and go take a shower. We need to talk, and if you want to get her back, you'll damn well listen to me before I tell you to fuck off and I go my merry way."

Something in the way he had yelled at me motivated me to go take a shower and get some clean clothes on. As the water streamed over me, I realized I couldn't remember when I had washed last, and as the grime washed away from my skin, it also seemed to wash away some of the mental fog.

Then it hit me what he had said.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

"There are times when I feel lonely and twisted up inside
On who I am, what I want to be
There's a yearning deep inside me, and a longing to be free
And it always brings me back to you again." - Tony Congi

Rock went on to tell me a long and meandering story, and several times while I waited for him to get to the point I contemplated punching him in the face. I guess some things didn't change over the last 20 years.

However, when he finally did get to the point, I almost did it. I couldn't believe he had told me such a bullshit story, but he frantically swore to me that it was true.

One of his projects was a time machine.

Now I'm not going to try to get into all the scientific details of it, but it wasn't like the one in the H.G. Wells story. It was very rudimentary, and so far had only been tested on inanimate objects, and only by sending them into the past then waiting for them to reappear. But, he assured me, despite the unwillingness of the other scientists to trust his work that much, it should work fine on a person.

"Besides," he said "look at you - it's obvious you refuse to live in the future - so what do you have to lose?"

I had to agree. Rock was always semi-nuts - but he always made sense.

"Ok, how do we do this?" I asked.

He explained that there would be some things necessary to prepare me physically, and it would take about a month to do that. Enough time, he pointed out, to take care of other matters before I ceased to exist in the "here and now."

I spent the next several weeks converting the money I had remaining (surprisingly, I had drank less than $5k in booze) into older currency. I couldn't be passing around money that hadn't been printed yet! Meanwhile, I had started to jog and go to the gym. Rock had said the physical strains might be too much on my body if I didn't get my heart and lungs working right again. Also, I had to get a good build-up of some vitamins and minerals to help make the transition go more smoothly.

Finally, the day arrived. Rock showed up to take me to his lab, and I went with him, taking only the battered briefcase I had packed the money and a few books into. As I locked the house, I tossed him the keys.

"What are these for?" he asked. "One way or the other - I won't be needing them anymore," I replied. "Do what you want with it - it's all yours. Least I can do."

I guess a good science fiction writer would describe the lab, and the following things we went through. But to be honest, I have no clue what everything was, or what he was doing to me. All I knew was that, when he was done, I took my last look at the 21st century for a while, from inside what looked to me like a huge test tube. The last thing I saw was him slipping a pair of welder's goggles over my eyes, the lenses of which were completely blacked out.

I felt his hand on my shoulder and he said "Good luck."

"Wait," I said. "When you get done here - go back to my place and dig just to the south of the big tree in the back yard."

"Why?" he asked. I told him I'd leave him a note to let him know I had arrived safely.

Just before the world exploded, I said "Thank you, my friend..."
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

June 1989
"It's like deja-vous all over again" - Yogi Berra

It was hot, and I was thirsty.

I sat up and pulled off the goggles, looking around. I saw a big dry field, and my briefcase lying nearby. Grabbing it, I stood up and looked around.

About half a mile away, I could see trucks moving along a freeway. With nowhere else to go, I headed that way.

I found out from the trucker who stopped to pick me up that we were about 50 miles outside of Salt Lake City. Figures Rock couldn't get me any closer than this. But the trucker was headed that way, and about an hour later dropped me at a truck stop just outside of town.

I went inside, and bought myself a T-shirt, a newspaper, some cleaning supplies, and a shower.

Feeling clean after my shower, I gather my stuff and head into the truck stop's restaurant for some food and coffee. While I wait, I look at the paper - June 5th, 1989. I had made it.

As I sipped at the coffee and leafed through the paper (stopping to chuckle at a picture of a fountain overflowing with bubbles, and a young girl with what appeared to be a bottle of Tide running away from it) it struck me - starting a new life was going to be a lot of work.

I needed to find a car and someplace to live. I also quickly needed to do something about all this cash I was carrying - it wouldn't do well to have it stolen.

Upon finishing my breakfast, I made a phone call to one of the ads that I had marked in the paper - a used Harley-Davidson fat Boy that was a few years old, and asked if the owner was in. "Sure, come on over," said the gruff voice.

The bike didn't look bad - obviously it had been loved and well cared for. I took it for a quick spin, and the appearances weren't deceiving - it ran smoothly and powerfully (well - as smoothly as a Harley could run, anyway), and was quick and responsive to my touch. The deal was quickly sealed with cash from the briefcase (no need to haggle over a few hundred bucks), and I was on my way.

Next stop, an apartment. A nice 2 bedroom up in the Avenues in an older building for the right price, and it was clean and roomy, but more importantly, available right away. Handing over the cash and signing the papers, I took the key and moved my sparse belongings in. Not too bad, but I'd be needing some furniture soon.

Next stop - some ID (I didn't think my driver's license issued in 2002 would work too well in 1989). I headed to the DMV with some of my cash, and my birth certificate. From there, to the bank to open a few accounts.

Splitting the remainder of my cash (less a few thousand to help me get started) I opened 2 different accounts at 2 different banks. This went quickly enough.

Well, I won't bore you with further mundane details, but soon the first plans on my list were accomplished - my apartment was furnished, the fridge stocked, and the utilities on. Using my bank accounts, I had started some investments and sporting bets that I knew would pay off. Half a mil was nice, but it wouldn't last long - and while I didn't care to grow fabulously rich, I wanted to live without worrying about having to find a job, or worrying about what I could or couldn't spend. Thanks to a few books I had brought back with me, I knew exactly what to do, and that was left financially was to watch the bank accounts grow.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

The first few days were kinda busy. It was time to relax a bit.

I figured shooting some pool would be fun, and would fit in with the rest of my plans.

Walking into Hy's, I was surprised by the amount of noise in an empty pool hall - until I realized that the yelling and banging was coming from the kitchen. A moment later, I saw a rather sullen looking guy head out of the kitchen, and with a final "Fuck you!" he slammed out of the front door. A moment later, an obviously flustered man I took to be Hy came back to the register.

"What the hell do you want?" he growled at me. "Woah there big guy - I just wanted a table for a while. Sorry that you're having a rough day."

Hy apologized to me and set me up with a table. After shooting a few racks, he came over to me with a few beers in his hands, the pool hall still empty.

"Sorry about yelling at you," he said as he handed me a beer, "Bastard was stealing from me, then tried to pretend it wasn't happening. Worst thing is, I don't have anyone to cook, and it'll be getting busy in a few hours."

I figured that the least I could do in return for the beer was to hand him a cue and shoot a few games with him. Soon, he was in a better mood.

"Look, Hy - you don't know me from Adam, but I can help you out a bit. I'm ok on a grill, and I'll cover it for you until you find someone else. I don't care what you pay me - I have a bit of money and don't need the job, so you don't have to worry about stealing from me. All I ask in return is you let me shoot some pool when it ain't busy - and stay off my ass and out of my shit."

He looked at me kinda strangely, then started to laugh. "I like you - and I appreciate it. Consider this place as much yours as it is mine - without the ownership and money, of course. I should have someone new in a week or so." Showing me through the kitchen and going over the hours he needed covered, it was a done deal - and I couldn't believe my luck at how this all fell right into my plans.

After a few games of pool (and finding out just how rusty my game was), it was time to get to work. People started wandering in, and I noticed that there was quite a young crowd in there - a lot of school-aged kids (Hy had told me not to mention the beer to anyone, as he didn't have a liquor license).

The cooking job was pretty easy - mostly French fries and a few burgers here and there - just enough to keep me away from a pool table, but not enough to keep me from scanning the growing group of customers. I knew she would be there soon, and that I would have to keep myself "in view" - but at this stage in the game, I wanted to see if she would notice me and cone to me - if she didn't, then the whole thing may have been for nothing - I had no clue how I would make an approach to a girl that age without getting my ass killed or thrown in jail...
Chapter 8
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 8
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am

So that's how things led up to this point, with us sitting in the diner in the wee early hours of the morning. Of course, I couldn't give her a truthful answer to her question, but it would look strange if I gave no answer at all.

"Look - I'm no perv, and I haven't been stalking you or anything. I guess maybe I'm just a really observant person, and I know someone like me when I see them - someone who needs a friend..."

"Well, what's your story, since you know mine" she asked. I knew that she had told me little of her story, but that I also knew more than she had told me. Pondering her question, I decided that some element of the truth would be the easiest thing to tell her - as it would be the easiest thing for me to keep straight.

"A few months ago, my wife died, and decided that there was too much reminding me of her where we lived - so I needed a change of scenery. There was a little money from some insurance, enough that I don't have to worry too much about working for a little while - and she always told me about growing up out here - so I thought I'd just get rid of everything, get a bike, and try starting out all over again. I guess it was either that, or I was just gonna drink myself into oblivion..."

"That's so sad," she said, looking at me with those beautiful blue eyes. "Some day you'll have to tell me about her - if it doesn't hurt too much."

I had to stifle a bit of a chuckle. If only she knew.

Paying the bill, we headed out the door, and I drove her home. "I'm at Hy's a lot, if you didn't notice," she said as I dropped her off. "We definitely need to talk more..."

The next week or so was similar to that night. We went out to grab something to eat and talk for a while, then I dropped her off at home before going home alone.

Then, it happened. One day she showed up at Hy's with a black eye, and I had to ask her about it. She tried to tell me that it was a fight at school, but I wasn't having it. Finally, she told me...

"It was my step-dad. He beat the shit out of me again," then the tears started to well up in her eyes, but she fought them back. "I gotta get out of there - I've had it."

Naturally I agreed with her. She looked at me and asked if I could give her a place to stay for a few days to get away from there. Naturally, I told her that I had a spare room in my apartment, and she would be welcome to stay.

She proved to be an enjoyable roommate, although she was teasing the hell out of me every chance she could. Fortunately, she had a change of clothes with her - enough to keep her going for a day or 2, until I could take her shopping for some more. Immediately, however - she raided my dresser and "acquired" a few of my T-shirts (which fit her very nicely I might add). She made sure not to wear anything under them while hanging out around the apartment, and she made sure that I was getting an eyeful every chance she had.

Now we talked a lot more. I learned more about her abusive boyfriends, and her mom's alcohol problems. I presented an idea to her - she could become an "emancipated minor" and move out. She told me that she had considered it, but didn't have the money for a lawyer, and didn't know where she would go after doing it. I told her not to worry about the money, we would go see a lawyer the next day, and as to where to go when it was done - she would have to work that out for herself.

"You would do that for me?" she asked. Obviously this girl was not used to anyone doing anything to help her out, and thought she would always be stuck in that situation.

Just then, there was a pounding on my apartment door. As I opened the door to answer, in came an older guy pushing past me, yelling "there you are, you little whore - what the hell are you doing over here?"

Now, I don't take kindly to people inviting themselves into my home, nor do I take kindly to people talking to women in that way (unless, of course, they like it as a type of play). I figured I was going to have to explain this to him in a way that he would be able to understand.

Moving quickly, I placed myself between him and her, noticing how she was obviously terrified. "Get the fuck out of my way, asshole" he snarled, trying to push past me again. I stuck my arm out to place my hand on his chest to hold him back, and then he made his next mistake.

He took a swing at me.

Granted, I'm older now, and it's been a few years since my lessons, but the old Tae Kwon-do kicked in. Leaning my shoulder into his swing and lowering my head, I stepped slightly to the side. Moving past him, my arm went out from under the one shoulder, across his neck, and over the other. At the same time, my foot moved behind his feet, and with a little bump of my hip and twist of my body, he found himself staring at the floor of my apartment. With my knee in the middle of his back, and my arm still around his neck, I grabbed his forehead with my other hand and pulled his head back.

It was all over in less than 2 seconds.

"You don't strike me as a very smart man," I said, "but even you have to realize the situation you find yourself in right now. As easy as it was for me to take you down, it would take me even less to snap your fucking neck. Now I don't appreciate uninvited guests, especially those who speak to my invited guests in the way that you just did. I believe that apologies are in order."

"Fuck you," he grunted.

"Wow, I'm impressed. You're even dumber than I first thought" I said, as I pulled further back on his neck. I heard him start gasping, and knew that I wasn't anywhere near breaking his neck yet, but that the position was cutting off his ability to breathe. "Ok, ok - I apologize," he wheezed out.

"It's a start, but it's not good enough," I said. "How about I let you up, you can make your apologies, and then you can head home?'

I grabbed an arm and brought it behind his back, then helped him up. As he started to rise to his feet, I said "No, no - that won't do - for a good apology, you need to be on your knees."

He dropped back to his knees, and then mumbled that he was sorry for barging into my apartment. Pulling up on his arm, I told him it didn't sound sincere to me. "OK OK!" he yelled, "I am very sorry!"

"Good boy. Now, I believe you owe this young lady an apology for calling her names," I said. "I'm sorry for what I called you," he said to her. "Now there's one more thing to be taken care of," I said. "Although, an apology just won't do it."

Nodding to her, she rose from the couch and came over to stand in front of him. Almost too quickly for me to see, she drew back her foot and planted a kick in his crotch that made me, as pissed as I was, groan in sympathetic pain. As he doubled foreword, her fist lashed out and hit him in the side of his face. I knew this was going to give him a black eye that matched hers.

With that, I dragged his coughing and sputtering self to the door of my apartment. "I hope that you aren't having any stupid ideas about revenge against her or I," I said. "If you are at all smart, you'll cut your losses and move on. However, somehow I don't think you're that smart, and would enjoy the opportunity to give you more than just a taste." With that, I tossed him out of the apartment, and locked the door.
Chapter 9
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Master Coyote's Page « Changing the Future Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 9
Posted: May 30, 2004 - 11:15:45 am
Updated: June 01, 2004 - 09:55:48 am

She was sitting on the couch sobbing. I went and got us both a drink, and sat beside her. I couldn't tell if the sobbing was because she was upset, scared, or pissed - probably a combination of all of them. I let her cry against my shoulder until she calmed down.

It was getting pretty late, and I decided it was time for bed. I fell asleep pretty quickly.

Sometime in the middle of the night, I woke up as she wiggled herself into my arms in my bed. When she heard me waking up, she quietly whispered "I thought I heard something outside my window, and it scared me. I couldn't get back to sleep. I hope you don't mind..."

Who was I to complain? It seemed like forever since I held her (or anyone else, for that matter) in my arms as we slept. We wiggled into that so familiar position, and I dozed back off again.

It was still dark as I slowly became conscious again. I realized that she had pulled my hand over her small, firm breast - I could feel the hard nipple pressing into my palm through her (my) thin t-shirt. She moaned softly as she rubbed her cute little ass back against my already hard cock, and I realized that she was wearing nothing under that shirt.

Her small hand covered mine, then moved it slowly, tantalizingly down her body, nestling it between her legs. Soon I could feel the heat and moisture of her young pussy, and as she began to grind it against me, she pressed her fingers against mine, driving them firmly against her opening.

I smiled to myself as I heard her moans, yet I couldn't help wondering which one of us had conquered the other. Not that it mattered - suddenly everything that had been wrong was becoming right.

It took a lot of self-control to not just roll her over and fuck her right then. It was kind of a strange feeling - having her here, just as I had always fantasized about her - having her back, after it seemed like she had been gone forever - and yet still the nagging (and, I'll admit, exciting) thoughts about how she was only barely 14 at this point. But no, this was part of the game, part of how it had to be - until she gave herself to me, completely and freely, things would only go as far as she initiated them. It was agonizing, but as I said, how it had to be - and it would be very rewarding.

The pressure on my fingers was increasing, as was the movement of her hips (and the pressure in my balls). Soon her moans were getting louder, her body tensed, and with a long soft cry she came. She pulled my hand back from her pussy, kissed it softly, then went back to sleep. Eventually, so did I.

We woke up the next morning, and things were a bit awkward, as I noticed she wasn't saying anything to me. After taking care of the normal first thing after getting out of bed necessities, I went into the kitchen and made us breakfast.

She hadn't even responded to me when I said "good morning," and now she sat eating in silence. I couldn't help but wonder what the hell was going on - had letting her sleep in my bed (and letting the other things that happened as well) been a mistake?

Just as I was about to ask, she finally broke the silence.

"What the hell is wrong with you? Or maybe I should ask what the hell is wrong with me?" Not knowing what she was thinking, I figured that the best thing would be to play dumb.

"What do you mean?" I asked. "Last night," she said, "Why didn't you do anything more? Why didn't you fuck me? I know you were awake, I could tell by your breathing. I could tell by how hard you were that you wanted to - so why not?"

Once again, I found myself in the situation where telling nothing but the truth would be the best thing, although I would have to be careful about how I said things.

I explained to her first that, while she was welcome to stay with me, and even sleep in my bed, we had to be very careful - once we started the paperwork for her emancipation, we would have to keep up "appearances" of things being completely proper and innocent, as there was sure to be an investigation.

That was the easy part. "But more importantly than that," I continued, "you were right. I did want you, and I do want you. But I'm not going to pressure you. When the time is right, we will move forward in our relationship - but it will have to be when you are ready. I'll not take anything that is not freely given, and I'll ask that you not give anything unless and until you are sure that you are ready to give it to me."

She looked up at me with a look that I could only describe as a mix of confusion and shock. After a moment, she opened her mouth, but the words just wouldn't seem to come out.

"I... I..." then the tears started to flow again. After a moment, she tried again. "No-one has ever said anything like that to me before. What is it about you?"

This time the question wasn't confrontational. It was asked in earnest. "This may sound strange and scary - not just because of what you are accustomed to, but also because of our age difference - but I will ask you to please trust me on this. We have the potential for a relationship far beyond anything that you have ever dreamed was possible - and I am not going to risk it by taking anything before the time is right for it. A few moments of pleasure last night is not worth the risk of everything that we could have down the road, and that risk is something that I cannot, and will not, take."

She had a very strange look on her face, and I could tell by her eyes that she was deeply lost in thought. After a few moments, I cleared our dishes, then headed into the bathroom for a shower, the whole time silently praying that the conversation we just had, as well as the events leading up to it, hadn't ruined our chances.

The water was warm and refreshing as I stood under it and shampooed my hair. Just as I opened my eyes after pulling my head out of the streams of water, she opened the shower curtain and stepped into the shower. She smiled and giggled as she saw my almost immediate reaction to the sight of her lovely young body.

I have had a long-time almost fetish for small breasts - and hers were the perfect examples of ones that I had fantasized about. They were not quite a B cup yet, but perfectly shaped and rode high and perky on her chest. Her nipples were surprisingly large, not long, but thick, and my mouth watered thinking about how they would taste.

As my eyes continued downward past her slim waist, I could see the sparse hair above her pussy, at the junction of her slim, shapely legs. After the brief taste of feeling her body against mine last night, I could only imagine how it would feel to have that body moving underneath mine, and yet I knew that my imagination probably wasn't even close.

Taking the soap in her hands, she began to wash me. I don't think that I have ever felt anything as incredible as the feeling of her small, soapy hands running over my body. When she finished with my front, she turned me around, and washed my back. Finishing that, she had me crouch down so she could finish washing and conditioning my hair.

As I rinsed off, she quickly washed herself and exited the shower to dry herself off. When I finished and turned the water off, she moved to the side of the tub and dried me. She was, of course, still naked - and none of this was helping my hard-on, which was almost becoming painful.

As she leaned forward to dry the lower parts of my legs, her hair began brushing against my cock. I think it was accidental at first, but when she felt the shudder that went through my entire body, she giggled again and made sure to let it continue teasing me.

She dropped the towel on the floor of the bathroom, and began to sit back up again. She moved slowly, prolonging the contact with my cock, then turned her head so that it dragged across her cheek.

She looked up at me just as the head of my cock moved across her lips, and smiled. Holding her head there, she parted her lips, and I felt the tip of her tongue very softly moving around the head.

I was surprised that I didn't cum right then, and even more surprised as she slowly circled the head of my cock with her lips and took me into her mouth. Slowly she worked her mouth down my shaft until she had about ¾ of it in her mouth, then began sliding back off again. Over and over she stroked me with her mouth, her tongue tickling the underside of my shaft, and flicking over the head every time she came back up.

Not once did her eyes leave mine, and not once did my eyes leave the incredible sight of this young girl looking up at me while she sucked me.

If this were a porn movie, I'm sure I would have lasted 20 minutes or so. But this was real, and it had been so long, and this was one of my fondest fantasies coming true - I only lasted a few minutes.

When I warned her that I was about to cum, she got that wicked look in her eyes that I had always loved so much, and slid her mouth off my cock. Grasping it gently in her hand, she teased the underside of it with her tongue until I couldn't hold off any longer.

The first shot launched up across her face, into her hair, and beyond - it looked like it flew all the way across the bathroom. After the second, only slightly less powerful shot, she took me back in her mouth, swallowing me deeply and again caressing me with her wonderful tongue.

While I didn't "last" that long to begin with, it seemed like I was cumming for hours. It felt like I was ejaculating every bit of moisture out of my entire body. I felt her swallowing over and over again, moaning as she enjoyed the taste of my cum in her mouth. Surprisingly, she didn't miss a drop, except for the first few shots that she let splash on her face and beyond.

When I finally stopped cumming, I slumped down and sat on the toilet - I had to, it would be a few minutes before my legs would regain the strength to stand back up again. As I sat and tried to catch my breath, I watched her scoop the cum off her face and lick it of her fingers.

Giggling again, she rose to her feet and moved toward the door. "Come on," she said, "We have a lot we need to take care of today." Just before she opened the door, she reached down with her finger and scooped up the cum that had reached the door, licking that off her finger as well. She turned and looked at me, and said "Thank you."

"For what?" I asked. "For everything. For helping me out. For last night. For just now." Turning, she walked out the door, and as she did, she said exactly the same thing that I was thinking: "I think this may be the start of something beautiful..."
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Changing the Future"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
Incomplete and Inactive Story!

Go to Master Coyote’s Blog
Last entry on 1969-12-31
Posted: 2004-05-30
Home | Top | Master Coyote's Page |   Feedback to author
